What is up guys and Congratulations on completing the installation of Wordpress section.
So now we know how to install Wordpress and the basic web hosting how to install WordPress in a free
web hosting using the auto installer and how to install WordPress on our own computer.
If we do not want to buy any of the hosting right now and we want to install everything on our computer
just for learning purposes.
So everything.
The word press should be totally same whether you are using the hosting or whether you are using the
free web hosting or you are using it on the computer using the zem.
OK so now this is the main part.
And now there are going to be reviewing everything about the dashboard.
OK.
This is the admin panel you can see if I just go to my home page you can see how my website is looking.
This is how my website is looking and everything is coming right here so we're going to be overseeing
the basics of this.
And then I'm going to show you how can you build a basic web site using this team.
And then we're going to be working up with the project.
OK.
So the reason why I'm telling you everything about the basics is because we cannot start the project
guys right now because the projects about like creating a personal Web site Business Web site professional
blog and everything we have to first coord this section that is about the overview and the basics so
when Vivah learn everything about the word press then we will learn 100 percent not 200 percent you
can call it like 15 percent of Wordpress then we will be able to understand everything and we will be
able to work on our projects that are here.
So make sure to just go ahead and complete this section do not miss a single video single lecture here
because every lecture here guys is very important.
So first of all I want to say that you can see that this is how I even say it is looking OK.
This is the default team that is already installed by word press and you can see a toolbar is coming
here that says that you are logged in so it will be just coming to the administrator who is the user
or who is the administrator and who is currently logged in.
So you can see that I am logged in.
OK you will not be seeing any of the profile feature.
Do not worry guys me to learn about the profile picture later on.
So do not get confused.
You will not be seeing any of the profile picture but this is how you will see your Wordpress dashboard.
OK so now what I am going to do I'm going to tell you if a user who is not the person who is not the
admin is treater off the website logs into your of of site then he will see it like this.
I'm just going to copy and I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to open up the private.
You can open this private tab by just trusting control shift and end and the private tap will be open
on Chrome browser.
So I have to pay said and let's just go ahead and let's visit our Web site.
So if the guy is not logged in then he will not see that Tabari can see.
OK.
So this is how our Web site is looking to a normal user.
And this is how our website is now.
We're going to be covering the dashboard how the dashboard.
So you have to just type this slash like I'm your domain name dot com.
And then you have to write W.P..
Gosh admen.
OK.
So I'm just writing here or you will be taken to the Wordpress dashboard or the admin panel.
OK I'm just going to go at and I'm going to hit enter.
And so now you can see that I am logged in to my wordpress dashboard and this is what we call the Wordpress
dashboard.
It says Welcome to WordPress.
And we've assembled some links to get it started.
I'm not going to get too bored ok because I don't want to explain everything.
You will understand it and we will be moving on and working with different projects.
But I'm going to be telling you that what are the things that are used the most.
OK so a number one we have the pages.
Pages are used the most because we want to create pages and then we have the post.
So if you want to create a blog I'll tell you later on just don't get confused with the post right now
because post confuses a lot.
OK.
We will understand it later on when we will be moving on with the word press so pages are the most important
thing that we all use.
We can create pages and we can view all the pages right here so you can see if he very mouse here.
This comes if I just go ahead and I just click all pages.
You can see it's a sample page.
And this is default created by word press.
If I just go ahead and I just view you can see that it says the sample page.
And this is how the page is looking.
And here is the view of the page you can see it my title and it is just another WordPress website.
And here we have the page Thaila here and we have the page content right here.
So if I just go ahead and I just want to edit this page OK I'm going to go back to all pages and I just
click here this edit.
And on clicking here you will see that Vivaah will be having this right here so you can see it's a simple
page.
And then here we have this as an example page and everything.
And then here we have this.
So this was the title and this was this.
If I just go ahead and I open it up in the new up there let's see how this is looking.
Well I have the title here.
This one is the title.
And then we have the content right here.
So then we have the Kundan right here.
OK.
So we're just talking about a really basic web site.
How a basic web site looks like.
OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's create the main pages that are to the main page.
So what are the main pages the main pages are like home page about page and the contact us page.
So these three pages are the main page that every website should contain and then we will create those
pages to learn how the menu works how to integrate a menu here and how to how to just customize our
website and design it.
So we've learned WordPress then we will move forward with more stuff.
So the next video will show you of that how can you create these pages.
Okay.
And then how can you create a menu and then how can you set up a basic web site that will show you how
can you integrate a blog with it.
Because blog is also really important for a website.
We'll show you how you can integrated and then something.
Some stuff like that and will move forward with our simple basic and just a normal website.
OK.
So then we will be moving on with more professional say.
So Stadion guys and Buh-Bye.